## Welcome!
Thank you for taking the time and effort to read, understand and review my code!
This is a coding assignment and for that reason there is no protection nor will this be maintained. 
Also, the commit messages will probably be very nonsensical since I am the only one working on this repo and have no intention on working on this further.

## Pre-requisites
Have npm installed

### Clone
Clone the repository

### Installing
run npm install in the root of the directory in a terminal or via your preferred IDE.

### Running
Ensure the backend is running (WorkingInJapan repository).
From the root of the Client project, run `npm run dev`
The project should start at `http://localhost:5173` (default)

-----
## UPDATE
SSE support has been added under the open branch.
Can be ignored for this code review but I wasn't satisfied with the current implementation.

## About this app
This is an API driven app, created to be as flexible as possible, using React and TypeScript.
While the backend has validation, the front-end does as well and doesn't allow for API-calls to be made if the validation isn't right, I don't want to give the server any extra work to do that it shouldn't.
But it does mean extra upkeep, but it looks faster to the user and it can improve their experience. The app should give a nice flow-experience for the user, keeping them up to date and keep clicks to a minimum.

Different types of inputs have been turned into different components, to allow for more flexibility and re-usability depending on the needs (as example; `<NumberFieldComponent />` and `<TextFieldComponent />`
Typing has only been used where the IDE couldn't infer the typing itself. Logic has been extracted out of the components as much as possible for re-usability when necessary in the future (added projects with new libraries or frameworks as example)

The client is generated by using the Swagger.json file generated by the server. I created an extra layer there to make renaming of api-calls easier. A single point to have name changes if the server needs to change its controller name or turn a get into a post, etc. Instead of having web push notifications I opted for a simpler approach of pinging the server to see if changes in the waiting list have occured or whether they can check in.

Jest is used for testing; `npm test`, testing important things such as rendering, validating and showing the correct text.

